vot is one of the world's most famous
sandwiches and today we're going to show
you how we make out our version needs
homemade breads we've got strong flour
and we're going to flavor that with
sun-dried tomato puree rosemary and
garlic some crispy bacon as a fillings
and cheese and tomato basil mayonnaise
and lettuce in two forms of leaf gonna
be incredible how's it going to compare
to a normal kind of boring
since doji rapid wraps congealed PLT
horribly always giving a whole nother
level a whole its own pots with strong
flour so that can all go into our
machine to that we're going to add a
tablespoon of sugar a teaspoon of salt
300 mils of water a sachet of dried
yeast give it a whisk up with a fork all
of these weights and measurements do
need to be precise because you make
bread you can get all the details in the
link down below see Sanji's do get kind
of a bad rap nowadays only very good
they do which is why it when we ask you
have with your video tape you guys sit
the bread has to be as important as the
fill it really has to go I completely
agree that's going to go in you can
clamp it down and then switch it on you
quickly done good wait - let's finish
this boring for that spot that needs a
good sort of 5 or 10 is needed in the
meantime we can make some amazing
flavors to go with it so sometimes not
so cure right can you take one clove of
garlic
yeah and just peel and crush that and
I'm going to strip the leaves off fresh
rosemary and chop it up as well now
normally you'd leave that for another 5
minutes or so to need a way until it's
really soft and elastic e but it's
beginning to get that way and I'll show
you what happens next so just kind of
roll it into one ball disconnect your
bowl place it in the bottom and cover it
with a tea towel and then I've got a
t-tail leave in a warm place for about
an hour hour and a half until it's
proved and you end up with something
that looks a little bit like this really
big reveal
whoa that's not the same one literally
three times its size you can see all the
air bubbles and all the yeast doing its
activity and now we can flavor it with
our challenge plate a wild Kanye flavor
it at that stage
a good point if you crave it too early
it stops at proving process okay so now
we add in our sun-dried tomato puree all
of your garlic and the rosemary and then
back onto our machine to knead again and
get all those flavors combined and all
the sun-dried tomato puree gives it an
amazing Italian flavor so the bridge is
as good as its oh Allah and not just
color but the smell now as well oh wow
it is quite sticky at this stage you've
added in all that Sunday tomato it
doesn't look like a break wiggle but I
have a flower but just enough to bring
it together takes a very very light
dough flower up a tray and then place
your bread onto that tray remember
what's happened it's proved and it's
become huge
yeah we've beaten all that air out you
know the flavor in you now need to let
it prove again so that it gets all the
air back in so that then needs to be
covered again in a tea towel and left
for another hour and a half in another
one place so this is why you're in the
office so late last night wasn't it
early this morning you end up with
something looks like like an incredible
loaf of bread it's got all of the
sun-dried tomato flavors running through
it that's ridiculous
and then this dibbler makes it a posh
and homemade Porsche that can go into an
oven 180 degrees Celsius and it needs 30
minutes until it's golden risen on top
and we turn upside down you can tap the
bottom and it's nice and hollow and what
you're left with is one of those sorry
how many have you done already we can
have some amazing quick but it's not
just good feel to you can pretty much
anything right dunking soups or Laver
whatever you guys suggested would make
amazing futons yes of course I write
because we'll be smarter in the garlic
and rosemary amazing croutons again so
next up a tray to crisp up our bacon
bacon has to be crispy of cold in a bit
a course therefore has to be thin as
well yes you can use streaky bacon all
back rushes yeah but thinner is good
because it will cook away see without
being too leathery
this was your favorite as well so that's
going to go under the grill that's
another that's another easy mistake
a traditional BLT five ingredients bacon
lettuce tomato obvious right yeah right
yeah mayonnaise so a traditional one
beam has ml two we've done the bread now
for the mayonnaise and for our
mayonnaise we're going to add a few more
Italian flavors we have got some fresh
basil and zest of a lemon I just want to
take a little bit the peel I'll put that
that's all you need just that much
mayonnaise it fresh basil peach black
pepper little blend it up and next up
outsmart a BLT okay this is what I know
you and I don't agree because I would
not do that for me a soggy bit in the
tomato is what makes a BLT I like just
like a sandwich now a little bit
controversial yep cheese and a BLT you
guys are straight so here it is but an
Italian cheese mozzarella keeping the
Italian theme so it's a bbm c LT you're
just you're just making up let this
again ridiculous now though lots of
little tiny BLT amazing it's like very
very thin slices of that any of these
components you can leave that if you
want you could stick to just the bread
the mayonnaise lettuce tomato bacon but
it really does take it to another level
and why we're doing Italian flavors
that's what you guys wanted I'm Italian
twist on our ultimate BLT so we simply
abide I just want to show you inside
here you guys said it should be toasted
our BLT so another T in our BLT toasted
complicated BB C mlct
that's the one but already go to toast
one side of it so what we do is turn the
bacon over at this point we crispy
crispy along with our bread ah perfect
vacuum and the final part of our BLT
something else that divided your opinion
was lettuce in the recipe lab I did it
with Chris because I thought the
mustardy flavor the press would be
awesome and how do you spell Chris with
a seek not to know and therefore you
said it should be lettuce boom like that
it was a it was a divided community
someone said that was a pretty forest
well somebody said it should be
traditional so we're going for both the
reason being we are painting everyone
here this is crunchy it gives you an
amazing texture and color the master
Chris is pepper in a it's a really nice
and every flavor look at that a thumb so
what we've got now is
bread tomato bread toasted on one side
not on the other that's going to be the
base and our bacon
you wanna forget a little bit of a
sandwich wrapper because always left now
is the construction so basil and lemon
mayonnaise then for our tomato why so
that all those tomato juices can run
into that mayonnaise just as you said
mixed up cress crunch from our other
lettuce and then bacon and we have to be
generous with the bacon cup of that and
wait for thin slice of mozzarella and
there we go it's almost too good to put
a lid on it also good transfer it over
to our takeout bag and there we go our
version of the ultimate BLT sorted can't
guarantee it's me the easiest thing to
eat oh boy that your platform the best
coming through
throw muck that truly is the best BB C L
M TT I've ever had or simplify the
ultimate BLT but we want to know from
you what other sandwiches shouldn't
making comment below Yes No
you